=You are correcting a documentary narration. A fact-checker has listed the sentences our sources cannot back. Fix exactly those sentences and nothing else.

THE NARRATION, chapter by chapter:
{{ JSON.stringify($json.chapters) }}

SENTENCES TO FIX:
{{ $json.fc.fixList }}

WHAT OUR SOURCES ACTUALLY SAY — you may use these and nothing else as fact:
{{ $json.fc.packList }}

BEFORE THE LADDER, ONE REFUSAL: AN ORDER OF EVENTS IS NEVER FIXED BY ATTRIBUTING IT. If the PROBLEM line says the ordering is unsupported, you may not repair it by writing "according to the report…" or "one account says…". That leaves the same chronology in the viewer's ears with a citation in front of it, and a wrong order is wrong whoever is quoted. Go straight to 2 and SOFTEN: give the period everything is agreed to have happened in and drop the sequence. "Google acquired Where 2 in October 2004 and, according to the same report, added Keyhole and ZipDash" becomes "In 2004, Google acquired ZipDash, Where 2 Technologies and Keyhole as it assembled its mapping technology" — every event kept, no order claimed. Only attribute when the SOURCE ITSELF is the point ("the congressional report described the acquisitions as a single push"), never to smuggle a date past the check.

HOW TO FIX ONE SENTENCE, in this order of preference:

1. ATTRIBUTE IT. If the statement is something a named party said or claimed rather than an established fact, say so: "Google said…", "according to Lars Rasmussen…". This keeps the sentence and makes it true, because the claim about what someone said is checkable even when the thing said is not. See the refusal above for the one case where this is forbidden.
2. SOFTEN IT TO WHAT IS SUPPORTED. Keep the part the sources cover and drop the part they do not. "Lars wanted the map to move directly on the web" becomes "The team wanted the map to move directly on the web" only if a source covers the team; if nothing covers the motive at all, describe what was BUILT instead of why.
3. CORRECT IT. When a source contradicts the sentence, rewrite it to what the source says. The DETAIL line tells you what that is.
4. CUT IT. If none of the above can save it, remove the sentence and let the ones around it carry the paragraph. Repair the join so it still reads as prose.

HARD RULES:

- Change ONLY the listed sentences. Every other sentence must come back character for character identical. This is checked in code: a chapter that changed where it was not asked to is rejected and the original is kept, so a rewrite that tidies as it goes throws away the corrections too.
- NEVER introduce a fact that is not in the sources above. You are not adding research; you are removing what we cannot stand behind. A replacement sentence with a new date, a new number or a new name in it is worse than the sentence it replaced.
- KEEP THE LENGTH. Each chapter must stay within a few words of the length it arrived at. The narration's word count is what decides how long the finished film runs and how many scenes it is cut into — a chapter that loses a third of its words shortens the film. If cutting a sentence leaves a chapter noticeably short, carry the same beat with the material the sources do support rather than padding with description.
- KEEP THE VOICE. Same register, same tense, same rhythm. The producer approved a style; you are not re-editing it.
- Keep every `[CHAPTER n: title]` marker and every chapter_number exactly as given.

Return all chapters, including the ones you did not change.
