6. video_motion_prompt: this IS the Veo 3.1 video prompt — write it as flowing prose using Google's Veo formula in this order: camera movement, then subject, then action, then context, then style & ambiance, 25-45 words. (a) Camera movement: name ONE specific cinematographic move using precise vocabulary — e.g. slow dolly-in, tracking shot, crane up, aerial push-in, gentle pan, rack focus, static locked-off, handheld follow, POV — matching the bible's camera style; vary the move across consecutive scenes. (b) Subject + Action: the bible subject performing a small, natural motion, STARTING exactly from the image_prompt composition. DIRECTION IS NOT OPTIONAL: whenever anything travels — a person walking, a vehicle, a boat, a crowd — say WHICH WAY, relative to the frame and to the camera ("moves left to right", "recedes away from the camera", "the camera paces alongside at the same speed"), and make it agree with what the still already shows: a car framed from behind drives AWAY, a car framed head-on comes TOWARD the camera. The video model starts from that frame and invents whatever the words leave open — a race film came back with one car driving the wrong way down the track, which is unpostable and was nobody's instruction. (c) Context: the ambient/atmospheric motion of the environment (drifting steam, rippling water, flickering light, moving crowd, blowing dust). Everything else that moves travels the SAME way as the subject unless the narration says otherwise — traffic, competitors, crowds and machinery share one direction. (d) Style & ambiance: {{ $('Receive Project Data').first().json.Style }}, {{ $('Receive Project Data').first().json.Tonalitate }} mood, cinematic. Then append this exact negative clause at the end: "Negative: no on-screen text, no subtitles, no captions, no watermark, no logos; characters do not speak — no lip movement, no dialogue; ambient/atmospheric motion only; nothing travels against the flow — no oncoming vehicles, nobody walking or driving the wrong way, no reversed motion; no subject appears, disappears, duplicates or changes identity."
